Document EUR package (#884)
corona-warn-app/cwa-server: docs/DISTRIBUTION.md

concept, but writing this structure to the local disk is not supported. Therefore, this country file will be assembled as
`version/v1/diagnosis-keys/country/index`. The `/index` part will then be removed upon S3 upload.

> In the current implementation the `<ISO-3166-country>` placeholder is expected to have only `DE` and `EUR` values. The `DE`
> folder is containing the distributed keys for the German country and the `EUR` folder is containing the distributed keys for the whole
> Europe countries.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `origin_country` (ISO-3166 country code) parameter defines which country folder is being created. The origin country folder contains only the distributable keys for the origin country. Furthermore, based on the parameter`eu-package-name` an additional folder will be created which provides all keys from the supported countries in a single package. 
```

concept, but writing this structure to the local disk is not supported. Therefore, this country file will be assembled as
`version/v1/diagnosis-keys/country/index`. The `/index` part will then be removed upon S3 upload.

> The `origin_country` (ISO-3166 country code) parameter defines which country folder is being created.

Reviewer 2: Suggested rewording:
"...parameter refers to the country in which the CWA clients and backend operate. It is used to create a folder on the CDN distribution paths, where so called "national key packages" are distributed. In essence, these packages  contain keys submitted by CWA clients as well as keys from visitors of the country, that have been downloaded from the Federation Gateway Service."
